DMV

All passengers 8 years of age or older or children taller than 4 feet and 9 inches must wear seat belts
Children less than 4 feet and 9 inches must be seated in a federally-approved child passenger restraint system
If above don't wear seat belts, you and the passenger will be cited
If the passenger is younger than 16 years, you will only be cited
If you wear a lap belt, chances of living through a collision are twice as high as someone who does not wear a lap belt
Pregnant women should wear lap belt below the abdomen - should strap between the breasts and to the side of the abdomen bulge

Traffic lights and signs

1. Solid Red : Stop. Can make a right turn after (i) Stop, (ii) Yield to bicyclists and pedestrians and vehicles close enough to be a hazard (iii) Then, turn right. Don't turn when NO TURN ON RIGHT is posted
2. Red Arrow : Stop. Don't turn. Remain stopped until green signal or green arrow appears
3. Flashing Red : Stop. Proceed when it is safe based on how many people have come in front of you considering all the directions. Observe 'right-of-way' rules
4. Solid Yellow : Caution. Red signal may appear. Stop if you can else cross the intersection cautiously
5. Yellow arrow : Protected turning time is ending. Be prepared to obey the next signal : Green light or red light or the red arrow
6. Flashing Yellow : Proceed with Caution. Not reqd to stop. Slow down and be alert before entering the intersection
7. Flashing Yellow arrow : Turns are permitted unprotected. First yield to oncoming traffic and pedestrians and then proceed with caution
8. Solid Green : Right-of-way to any vehicle, bicyclist or pedestrian in the intersection. If you are turning left, make the turn only if you have enough space to complete the turn before creating a hazard for any oncoming vehicle, bicycle or pedestrian. Don't enter the intersection if you cannot get completely across before the light turns red. Don't block the intersection
9. Green Arrow : Go. Yield to any vehicle, bicyclist or pedestrian still in the intersection. Protected turn.
10. Signal blankout : Not working. 

Signs : Eight-sided red - Stop, Three sided red point-down triangle - Yield, Square red and white regulatory sign - Do not enter (Wrong way), Drive to the side of the road and stop if you see one or more of the signs. When safe - U turn and return to the road aligning to the proper direction. Red circle with a red line through it - Means no. For eg., No U turn. Yellow and black circular sign - Approaching a railroad crossing, X-shaped signs with white background stating railroad crossing indicates you're approaching a railroad crossing. Five sided sign with kids indicate you're approaching a school, stop if children are in crosswalk. Four-sided diamond signs - Specific road directions and dangers ahead. White rectangular sign - Obey traffic rules. Warning signs have a fluorescent yellow-green background. Conditions related to pedestrians, bicyclists, schools, playgrounds, school buses, school passenger loading zones. 

Right-of-Way Rules - For traffic safety

1. 



	
